British English Academy.
C1 listening activity.
Course: C1 Advanced English.
Module 5: Leadership, Policy and Complex Interaction.
Lesson 4: Leadership, Policy and Complex Interaction: Listening Lesson 4.
Listen for precision, register and nuance.
Listen carefully. You will hear the model once, then answer the question.
Learning objective: Learners can synthesise, justify, negotiate and adapt register in a listening task about research.
Today you will practise language connected to research.
Target language: subjunctive forms.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise listening for leadership, policy and complex interaction. You will learn useful language connected to research and practise subjunctive forms. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C1 level.